README.md, before:

# [be_easymern](https://github.com/easymern/be_easymern)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![License: MIT](easymern_alt_50.png)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents

> - [Description](#Description)
> - [Table of Contents](#Table-of-Contents)
> - [Installation](#Installation)
> - [Usage](#Usage)
> - [License](#License)
> - [Contributing](#Contributing)
> - [Tests](#Tests)
> - [Questions](#Questions)

## Description

Ready to go BACKEND for [![easymern](https://img.shields.io/badge/easymern-brightgreen)](https://github.com/easymern)
stack.

- [![mongoose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mongoose-blue)](https://getbootstrap.com)
- [![express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-blue)](#)
- [![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-blue)](#)
- [![bcrypt.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/BCrypt.js-blue)](#)
- [![body-parser](https://img.shields.io/badge/bodyParser-blue)](#)
- [![cors](https://img.shields.io/badge/cors-blue)](#) Not implemented well, will probably remove.
- [![jsonwebtoken](https://img.shields.io/badge/jsonWebToken-blue)](#)

[//]: # "* [view deployed on github](https://jayarghargh.github.io/jrr-react/#/)"

## Installation

```
npm install
npm update
```

## Usage

1. Update environment variables (see SAMPLE-ENV.txt for **template** of required vars for a quick start)
2. Install fe_easymern.

```
nodemon
```

OR

```
node server.js
```

## License

This application is covered under The MIT License.

## Contributing

This project needs your help :) Jump in at the deep end with a fork and bash away at any issues you see. Thanks.

## Tests

No tests developed as at 02 May 2022

## Questions

Please refer any questions to [![JayArghArgh](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dev-JayArghArgh-yellow)](https://github.com/JayArghArgh) via jayarghargh@gmail.com.

[![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JayArghArgh&theme=solarized-light)](https://github.com/JayArghArgh/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

update readme contact details
changed form jayarghargh details to discord deets.

README.md, after:

# [be_easymern](https://github.com/easymern/be_easymern)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![License: MIT](easymern_alt_50.png)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents

> - [Description](#Description)
> - [Table of Contents](#Table-of-Contents)
> - [Installation](#Installation)
> - [Usage](#Usage)
> - [License](#License)
> - [Contributing](#Contributing)
> - [Tests](#Tests)
> - [Questions](#Questions)

## Description

Ready to go BACKEND for [![easymern](https://img.shields.io/badge/easymern-brightgreen)](https://github.com/easymern)
stack.

- [![mongoose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mongoose-blue)](https://getbootstrap.com)
- [![express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-blue)](#)
- [![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-blue)](#)
- [![bcrypt.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/BCrypt.js-blue)](#)
- [![body-parser](https://img.shields.io/badge/bodyParser-blue)](#)
- [![cors](https://img.shields.io/badge/cors-blue)](#) Not implemented well, will probably remove.
- [![jsonwebtoken](https://img.shields.io/badge/jsonWebToken-blue)](#)

[//]: # "* [view deployed on github](https://jayarghargh.github.io/jrr-react/#/)"

## Installation

```
npm install
npm update
```

## Usage

1. Update environment variables (see SAMPLE-ENV.txt for **template** of required vars for a quick start)
2. Install fe_easymern.

```
nodemon
```

OR

```
node server.js
```

## License

This application is covered under The MIT License.

## Contributing

This project needs your help :) Jump in at the deep end with a fork and bash away at any issues you see. Thanks.

## Tests

No tests developed as at 02 May 2022

## Support or Contact
Drop me a line with any general questions.

[Discord...](https://discord.gg/Sa53aU9fE3)

Specific issues should be raised via the repository issues after checking the wikis.
